Add ImGui Minimal Console Feature (#2099)
f3d-app/f3d: doc/libf3d/OPTIONS.md

|     ui.scalar_bar     |  bool<br>false<br>render   | Show _scalar bar_ of the coloring by data array.                                                                 |        \-\-bar         |
|     ui.cheatsheet     |  bool<br>false<br>render   | Show a interactor cheatsheet                                                                                     |           -            |
|      ui.console       |  bool<br>false<br>render   | Show the console                                                                                                 |           -            |

> |  ui.minimal_console   |  bool<br>false<br>render   | Enable minimal console mode. Useful to execute a quick command.                                                  |           -            |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|  ui.minimal_console   |  bool<br>false<br>render   | Show the minimal console. Useful to execute a quick command.                                                  |           -            |
```

> |  ui.minimal_console   |  bool<br>false<br>render   | Show the minimal console. Useful to execute a quick command.                                                     |           -            |

Reviewer: please update user/OPTIONS.md
